I hope you enjoyed this module. It wasn't a very long one but I wanted to share how you can turn your next
React, Angular or Vue app into a progressive web app.
As you saw, it's super simple for React and Vue as they start as a progressive web app already and there,
the only thing you have to do is hook into it and make sure that you add your service worker, maybe customize
the configuration, maybe exchange for tool they use with workbox and that's all. For Angular,
it was a bit more complicated but I'm very positive that this will also get better in the future.
The Angular team will probably add more and more features to make that easier and especially the CLI team
will probably move towards creating a progressive web app out of the box in the future too.
Until then, you saw how to convert your Angular project into a progressive web app, as you saw,
not that difficult too.